Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Tom. it's Carlos.
Been texting you all day. man.
We need to pay rent and I need your share.
Please call me back. Thanks.
Dude. I see your room is empty.
Why?
Please call me back.
- Hey. how are ya?
You're lookin' good.
Put on some weight since last year. huh?
- That was three years ago.
I got it.
- You remember Chloe?
- Yeah. Went to high school together.
- We did more than that.
- Got your old room all set up.
Let me show you-
- I know where it is.
- Okay. Let's go.
- Why don't you rest up
and we could talk later.
- Cool.
- And Chloe. finish that assignment
and I'll check it out tonight.
- Yes. sir.
- Oh yeah. one more thing.
Look at me.
- What the hell was that?
- So how long you in town for?
- A week. maybe two.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- I work at the Rusty Tavern.
so better stop by before you leave.
- I will. I will.
- You smile just like your dad.
- I don't do a damn thing like my father.
- You still have beef with him?
For what?
'Cause ya know that grudge.
that hurts you. too.
not just him.
- Look. all I'm sayin' is I'm
not my. I'm just not my dad.
- Well ya can't just throw
him away like an old boot.
He's in your blood.
whether you like it or not.
- I'm gonna certainly try.
- Look. I'm just saying
to keep an open mind. amigo. that's it.
Ya know people. they don't
hold on to bitterness
and anger for no reason.
Think about it.
Hasta luego. cowboy.
- So. what was it like
growing up with him. man?
I mean. he could have gone anywhere
and yet he chooses this farm?
He's like a cowboy Einstein.
I mean. you're so lucky.
- Whatever you say. man.
- Look right into that.
- Serious?
- Go ahead.
- Nice.
- This is new. Can I try it out. too?
Crown prince has arrived. After you.
- Look. man. I'm only
here 'cause he's promised
to pay me for some stupid experiment.
You and him. way more in
common than I ever had. okay?
- Remember the last time you were here?
It was just a fan and a laptop.
Look at this place now.
MIT. Caltech. Stanford. nowhere
near what I'm doin' here.
Why don't you explain to him what we do.
You know what we do here. right?
- Nope.
- Backup and restore.
Okay. like. you know on a computer
where you can backup and restore?
- Yeah. copy the data. if you get a virus
or somethin' like that.
you can fix the computer.
- Only we fix brains here.
- So. this machine right
here. it's called a Scammer.
It digitally scans your brain
and creates a backup. so.
God forbid you lose your memory.
we can restore it from the backup.
- Memory loss.
Terrible thing.
Can you imagine looking at your child
and not knowin' who it is?
The horror of that?
Worse than death.
- To some.
- You wanted to try this?
- It's what I'm here for. isn't it?
- Here. take this.
It'll calm your brain down.
- And it'll make recording easier.
- Let's get started.
- Okay. so what you're gonna-
- Don't bother. okay. man.
The quicker we start.
the quicker I get paid.
- Let's get you set up here.
Keep your head still. please.
- You guys are sure this is safe. right?
- Yeah. 100%.
Okay. we're set.
- You see this?
This is your brain in digital form.
- So. Dr. Davis. now
that the backup's done.
should we show him how the restore works?
- Not tonight.
Look. I'm gonna go over
to the Rusty Tavern.
Why don't we get a drink?
I'd like to talk to you about your mother.
- Hey. Dr. Davis. I was wondering
if I could get access to the lab again?
- After what you did?
Let's go.
- Good boy. Go.
Are you ready?
- I'm not sure about this. man.
- You know what's in his bag. right?
Your Highness here is
your ticket to eternity
in three. two.
one.
It's okay. it's okay.
Please sit down. sit down. Don't worry.
It will take two hours to
back up your entire brain.
then all we need to do
is find a younger body
and upload your backup.
Then it will be smooth
sailing for another 50 years.
Whose car is that out there?
- Dr. Davis I was not
expecting you back so soon.
- Who the hell is this?
- Dr. Davis. listen.
this man is about to pay a
million dollars for the Mint.
- You're sellin' my research?
Get these assholes outta here.
Get out. Let's go.
- Imagine the research
- You gotta go.
- we could do.
Let's go.
And you. I want you off my property.
- Out. I want you
off my property.
- Dr. Davis.
Dr. Davis. please listen.
- Go!
Go. get out.
Bruno! Bruno!
This is the Mint.
- Short for Memory Interpreter.
It will
completely restore memory.
- All right. let me see if I got this.
Scammer records the memory
onto the little noggin
and then the Mint plays it back.
Okay. what are we testing?
- The hold time.
- The problem is it only
holds for 15 minutes.
- What happens after 15 minutes?
- Your brain returns to
its pre-restored state.
- What?
- Look.
This is your neuro structure
before restore. okay?
Now. after you load your
backup. it changes like this.
Right?
But it's only gonna hold for
a limited amount of time.
- 900 seconds.
- Which is about 15 minutes.
Then it's gonna go back
to its original state.
- So. you just go back to the beginning.
- Exactly.
Now. what I wanna do is avoid a return
to that original state
for as long as possible.
One more thing.
I'm gonna need you to log down
everything you do on this.
Okay?
- Okay.
- Let's get you set up.
- This is Tom Davis.
It's June 5th. 7:45 pm.
Current hold time is three hours.
CRUMS are 5%.
- Dude. we did it.
We did it. man.
- Yeah. we did it.
- We did shit!
This is changing history.
- Get out.
- Look. I haven't-
- Get out!
- Hey. where's my money?
You promised you would
pay me after two weeks.
- Yeah. not for a shit result.
- That's not my problem. now is it?
Okay. I came and helped.
You said you would pay.
- It's all about the goddamn
money with you. ain't it?
- I mean. unlike you. okay.
I live in the real world.
I have bills and rent I have to pay.
- Ya know. there's more
to life than money.
You gotta believe in somethin'.
- Oh. and that got you so far. right?
You're doin' science
experiments in a barn?
What are you doin'. man?
Why don't you go get a real job?
- A real job.
This comin' from a guy who can't hold on
to a job for more than a month.
You gotta believe in something!
You gotta go to a job every day.
day in and day out and show up!
- Show up?
You're the last person
who should be talkin'
about showin' up.
What about my birthday?
Baseball games. huh?
Now. you didn't show up.
Ya know why? 'Cause I
wasn't your priority. Dad.
That was.
That's right. Reality
calls and you run away.
Haven't changed a bit. have you?
Okay. almost got it here.
Hon. why'd
you get this new camera?
- Huh?
Want you to watch this.
Well. I got this new
camera because I wanna get
all his shenanigans on video.
He's growin' up quick.
- You know I don't like
havin' my picture taken.
- It's not a picture. it's video.
Hey. bud. get over-
Why didn't you watch it?
- I'm not the one who needs
to remember her. Kirk.
Since when
have I become Kirk?
- Since I stopped feelin' like your son.
Since you abandoned the family.
- Abandoned the family.
Everything I've done was
for you and your mother.
- You took me away from her.
You separated us until the day she died.
I was nine!
No. no. no. no. No.
How many days you seen me since then. huh?
How many days. huh?
You left me.
You left me all by myself.
But it was for me and Mom. right?
- I was just tryin' to protect you.
I'm sorry if I-
- Oh. shut up. I don't wanna
hear your sorry sermon.
You can't paint the stripes
off a zebra. and you.
you for damn sure can't
change who you are.
Screw this. I'm outta here.
Go ahead. delete my number.
Don't call me again.
For the record.
when Mom died. God. I wished it was you.
- I wished it was me. too.
Are you leaving now?
- Yeah. I'm done with this shit
- Look. man. why don't you
just leave in the morning?
- No. man. okay.
I gotta get outta here tonight.
- Look. Tom. I get
you're very upset. okay.
and you're very clearly drunk.
I mean your BAC scores are
probably off the charts.
Look. man. that's enough. that's enough.
Just go lie down.
Come on. you don't need
it. man. just here.
Take a load off and you'll
feel better in the morning.
You'll feel better. I promise.
- Thanks. bud. I owe you one.
You're right.
- No problem.
Goodnight.
- Can't sleep. my love?
Come here. little one.
- I am the crown prince.
Welcome to my secret world.
- What are you doin' on
the floor. little buddy?
It hurts.
My hand. Mom. ow!
- Dad.
Drunk again. huh?
Wake up. Hey.
Dad. wake up.
Dad!
Bruno! Bruno!
Hey. come on.
What happened?
- Come on. Come on. buddy. come on.
Where ya at?
- Oh my God. is that?
- I don't know. I don't know.
- Is that Dr. Davis?
- Okay. I don't know what happened. okay?
I just came in.
- Is he?
- He's not breathing.
I can't find a pulse.
- We have to do somethin'.
- I don't know what to do. man.
- Okay. let's go figure somethin' out.
Come on. Come on.
Let's go. It's gonna be okay.
It musta been a heart attack.
Look. Tom. I feel
horrible for saying this.
but we have to think practically.
Okay. if we finish the
testing. we can sell the tech.
- What about my dad?
He was an asshole. but he's human.
Okay. I gotta give him a proper burial.
- If the FBI catch wind
of what we're doing here.
do you know how much jail
time we could be facing?
Okay. Article 4C specifically
sanctions against
all non-chemical memory loss cures.
which is exactly what we're doing here.
- Where are you gonna find a buyer?
- Ya know Reinhard Kindler?
Rocky.
Okay. well. he knows someone who's ready
to buy the finished product.
- I'm sorry. Pops.
Last night you had a massive
heart attack and you died.
I found you in the lab.
You were already gone by
the time I got to you.
I'm sorry I couldn't help.
Bruno and I are just gonna
take the research and...
That's whatever. I just...
I'm sorry for the way I treated
you last time I saw you.
I shouldn't have acted like that.
I don't even know if this is gonna work.
This is Tom Davis. June 6th. 7:55 pm.
Surrogate loading Kirk Davis.
Ask Mom and
Dad for what's sure to be
this Christmas's favorite toy.
Rest in
the endless-
of our-
Nucleus-
fat nerds gulp donuts.
I love you.
Kirk. Kathy. you may kiss.
Outstanding
doctoral student goes to
Kirk Davis.
Move the free
radicals and block-
- Dr. Davis.
- Kirk.
- Kirk!
- Davis.
- Dr. Davis!
Have to take some.
- Dad. wake up.
Last night you had a massive
heart attack and you died.
I found you in the lab.
You were already gone by
the time I got to you.
I'm sorry I couldn't help.
Hey. son.
I've gone ahead and let
your news sink in. settle.
Heart attack. huh?
Yeah. your mother always told me
I should lay off the beers and donuts.
Well. it seems like a dream
and I just need to wake up. but...
Listen. Tom. I don't know
about surrogate loadin'.
I can't have you doin' that.
I don't know the side effects.
I mean. they could kill you.
You gotta stop that. too.
I'm not sure what you were talkin' about.
the research. but
I wish we completed it.
I mean. we coulda saved so many families
a lotta heartache. Tom. a lotta heartache.
Ya know. I always wanted another kid.
Mom. though. mm-mm.
You were her full devotion.
I mean. she wanted to give you
every opportunity possible.
She wanted you to be an astronaut.
a doctor. a musician all at the same time.
I miss her. Tom.
I really miss your mom.
And I've missed you.
I miss our family.
Okay. almost got it here.
Tom. why'd
you get this new camera?
- Huh?
Well. I got this new
camera because I wanna get
all his shenanigans on video.
He's growin' up quick.
You know I don't
like havin' my picture taken.
- It's not a picture. it's video.
Hey. bud. get over here.
Happy birthday. hon.
I love you.
One and two and three and four.
- Tom.
- How many years ago
.
Come on. bud.
you're gonna have fun there.
- This machine right here.
it's called a Scammer.
It digitally scans your brain and-
What's up. baby?
This is your brain.
I did you a favor.
- Thank you. Dr. Davis.
- Believe this.
Tom.
- Tom!
- Remind me again why you got it?
Give it a rest. already.
Mommy. you wanna play with me?
Not now. buddy. Mommy's tired.
Maybe later.
- Why is she always tired?
Can you come play with me?
In a bit. okay.
- Poor. baby doll.
What was that boy's name?
Who?
The boy that was just in here.
- Baby doll.
No.
- It's. um. it's...
I don't know. what is it?
It's Tom.
Hey. kiddo.
- Hey. Mom. How are you feeling?
- You're a sweet little thing.
What's your name. sweetie?
- Sometimes you're silly. Mom. It's Tom.
- That's a nice name. Where do you live?
I live here.
- No. we live here. Where do you live?
Where are your parents?
What's goin' on?
It's okay. it's okay.
- Who is he?
Hey.
Why is Mom asking where I live?
Oh. she's just pretendin'.
Ya know how you pretend when you play
like you're a cowboy or a spaceman?
- Yeah.
- That's what she's doin'.
She's just pretendin'. Huh?
Okay.
Why don't you go in your room
and I'll come in in a minute
and we could play. okay?
Huh?
- Okay.
- Hon. are you okay?
Yeah. I'm okay. hon.
Say goodbye to Mommy.
But I don't
wanna leave my friends.
I don't wanna go to a new school.
Oh. come on. bud.
You're gonna have fun there.
- I don't wanna leave
Mom! I don't wanna go!
Hey. if you don't
shut that door right now!
And just stop it.
How many times have we been over this?
Bye. hon!
- Bye. Say hi to your cousin.
- I will.
- She was.
she was too young.
- I'll be back
in time for supper.
- She was too young for that.
Love you.
Why didn't you?
How was that possible?
How did Mom lose her memory?
I mean. she was young.
Why didn't you tell me?
I mean. I hated you. Dad.
I hated you for so long.
Why didn't you tell me? I woulda helped.
I coulda helped. I coulda done something.
I'm not smart enough to
finish this without you.
I don't know what to do.
- Hey. man.
- Hey.
- Guess what?
I just called Rocky and he's
ready to buy everything.
The Mint. the Scammer. all the papers.
I negotiated a pretty good
price. too. so that's good.
- Cool.
Look. man. he can have
the Mint and Scammer.
but I gotta keep the research materials.
- What in the name of science
are you talking about?
I gotta continue my dad's research.
He was trying to cure Alzheimer's.
I mean. if it-
- You're pullin'
my leg. right?
Come on. just help me pack.
Why don't you grab that.
- No. I'm serious. okay.
I gotta finish my dad's work.
- You realize that in
just a few short hours
we can have more money than
Shelby Cobras have horsepower?
But you're just being unreasonable.
- Okay. fine.
Gimme a few hours. I'll make
copies of the schematics.
It'll be fine.
- No. we can't make
a copy. okay?
The price includes exclusivity. all right?
Do you know what that means?
- Yes I do.
- No. apparently you don't. okay?
Do you know why somebody buys
a Bugatti Veyron Pur Sang for $3 million?
There's only five of
them in the entire world.
That means only five people own them.
It's exclusive. Exclusivity.
Look. will you stop?
Okay. give it a rest.
- Dude. you seriously cannot
be doing this right now.
- Look. if I can't make any
copies. I'm not selling it.
- This is dead end research
with no practical use.
- My mom had Alzheimer's. okay?
- Excuse me.
- That's why my dad started all this. man.
That's why I have to finish it.
Okay. look. I'm sorry. Bruno.
Hey. but if I can't make
copies. I can't sell it.
- Okay. but how are you
gonna finish the research?
- I don't know. I have his notes.
I can use those. I thought
maybe you could help.
- Yeah. what if I don't wanna help?
- Then it's just me and the notes.
Come on.
- All right. fine. I'll help
you. but we do this my way.
- That's fine. That's fine.
Just.
I need your help with something. okay?
Just come on.
Everything okay?
- Oh yeah. yeah. yeah. just my mom.
She wants to see if I
went to temple or not.
- Didn't know you were religious.
- Here and there. Beer?
- Didn't know you drank either.
- Here and there.
- Hey man. let's have a little fun.
- What kind of fun?
- Look you can trust me. all right.
I'm a research assistant.
- Man. that just sounds
like a redneck saying.
"Here. hold my beer and watch this."
Look. I don't wanna fry my brain.
- You won't!
All right. how 'bout this?
- Okay. if it makes you feel better.
I can load your backup first.
Man. I don't...
- Dude. come on.
If something goes wrong. it'll be my brain
that gets fried. right?
You've got nothing to lose.
And if it works. then we
can load mine onto yours.
Dude. I said no to a buttload of money
just to help you out.
Okay. and besides. you owe me.
Remember that night you got super drunk
and I stopped you from leaving?
Do you remember what you said?
- I owe you.
- Yeah.
- All right. fine.
You sure this is gonna work?
- Yeah. man. I've done
it before. all right?
It's just like drivin' a-
- No car analogies. okay. I don't get 'em.
Whose backup did you load?
- Ya know. nobody important.
- Ya know if you keep doin' that.
you're gonna get down to your knuckles?
All right.
drivers. start your engines.
- What did I just say?
- I'm from the Motor City. man. I'm sorry.
Okay. here we go.
This is Dr. Kirk Davis.
Sorry I missed your call.
Leave a name and number
and I will call you back.
Bruno. calm down. man.
- Why do you keep calling me Bruno?
I'm Tom.
- No.
What's my social?
- What?
- What's my social?
- 645-52-6465.
- That's crazy. What's our
deepest. darkest secret?
- Backin' up over Joshua's
cat and then telling him
it ran away when he couldn't find it.
- Tat on my left chest.
- Okay. stop. stop. that's enough.
- Look. I'm sorry. bro.
What do I call you? This is crazy.
- Dear Chu. love you lots.
The tat on your left chest.
Dear Chu. love you lots.
- Man. cheers to takin'
care of our own selves.
- Cheers.
- All right. let's go
inside. There's more beer.
This is Dr. Kirk Davis.
Sorry I missed your call.
Leave a name and number
and I will call you back.
- Are you okay?
No. hey. Bruno.
Tom?
What the hell are you doing?
Yo. Whoa.
What are you doing?
- Hey. Bruno. what are you doing?
Bruno. stop! Stop!
Stop!
What is going on?
Are you okay?
Tom. are you okay?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
- What is going on?
Why was Bruno tryin' to choke you?
- It's not Bruno. it's me.
- What?
- I circuit loaded my memory onto Bruno.
- Okay. I don't know what that means.
- I put my memory on Bruno.
Ya know that's stupid.
even for a stupid person.
Where is your dad?
Does he know what you guys are up to?
- He isn't here.
Well. where is he?
- He's at a hospital.
He's outta town.
He's doin' research.
- That's odd. 'cause he
didn't say anything to me.
- Let's just get him inside. okay.
- Okay. ready?
- One. two.
- Come on.
- Okay.
- I gotcha. come on.
- All right. this way. this way.
- Let's go. buddy.
Come on.
- Okay.
Okay.
Hey.
- Good mornin'.
Mm. that's how your dad checks my math.
Yeah. he's awesome.
Who's awesome?
- Not you.
- So. what happened last night?
- Oh. shoot.
Your buddy here will
give you the low down.
I have to vamoose to class.
But in the meantime. don't you guys
go messin' with things
that you don't understand.
You hear me?
- Yes. ma'am.
There's still hope for
you yet. tenderfoot.
- So. what happened
last night? Did it work?
- For an hour.
- Okay. and then what?
- The load went well.
but then you went crazy.
I mean. you tried to attack me.
- You mean you attacked yourself?
- You threw things at me.
You chased me around. you
put me in a choke hold.
I mean. thank God Chloe showed up
when she did and laid
you out with a shovel.
- Okay. well. that explains this.
God. she's got a mean swing.
- Look. I'm not doin' that again. man.
Okay. that scared the hell outta me.
- Don't be such a downer. buddy. okay?
Look at the shiny side. It worked.
So. are you still against
selling this research?
- She hit you a lot harder
than I expected. man.
Do you not remember what
we discussed last night?
I'm not selling. It's still a no.
- It's fine.
Just thought I'd ask again. ya know.
just see what ya thought.
Ya know what. this still kinda aches.
so I think I'm gonna go get
it checked out at a doctors.
- You want me to take you to the hospital?
- No. no. no. no. no. It's fine.
Just let me know where you'll be later.
- The lab. Why?
- Just wondering.
- All right.
How was that possible?
How did Mom lose her memory?
I mean. she was young.
Why didn't you tell me?
I coulda helped. I coulda done something.
I'm not smart enough to
finish this without you.
I don't know what to do.
Look. Dad. don't freak out. okay.
Watch the video logs from yesterday.
but I need your help to
complete the research. okay?
I have no idea what I'm doing.
I don't have any side effects
from yesterday. I feel fine.
Plus I've loaded you once before.
I think it's safe.
What do ya say? Let's work together?
I guess what I'm tryin' to
say is I'm not goin' anywhere.
Okay. I'm staying here and
I'm gonna fulfill your legacy.
Look. I just need you to do me a favor.
Can we speed things up?
It's really unsettling thinking about you
using the bathroom as me.
Anyways. this is Tom Davis.
June 7th. 8:15 am. 22 seconds.
Surrogate loading Kirk Davis.
Mornin'. son.
I can see you're dead set on doin' this
come hell or high water. so
might as well join the party.
About your mother.
yeah. she was young.
too young for Alzheimer's.
but it's not impossible.
There are certain genes.
You got your APP. your PSEN1. PSEN2.
Certain mutations can cause. well.
an onset of symptoms early on.
Tom. you.
you got a 50/50 shot of havin'
the same genes as your mom.
You been forgettin' where
you're puttin' your car keys?
That's not meant to be a joke.
Just watch for them patterns.
and you let me know if
you see anything. okay?
Hey. son.
Memories with high emotion.
they're retained for a longer time.
Now. we can focus on this and
improve the CRUM percentage
if we focus on the amygdala-
cerebral cortex.
Besides that. you can
continue to surrogate load.
Okay. but under one condition.
If you start experiencing
any side effects. you stop.
Okay. immediately.
I can't lose you. too. son.
And I'll see you on the flip side.
Yeah. hold on. Bruno.
Hold up. Bruno.
- I have a warrant for your arrest.
- I'm sorry. a warrant for what?
- For murdering your dad
and tampering with evidence.
- I think there's been a confusion.
My dad's still alive.
- I know where you buried him.
How could you know?
All right. yeah. he died.
but it was of natural causes.
You can't arrest me for that.
- Tell it to the judge. kid.
Why are you makin' this difficult?
- Look. you don't have any evidence.
Watch.
- What the hell are you doin'?
What are you doin' in here?
- Doin' a video log.
- Video log?
Son of a bitch.
- Is that enough proof for ya. son?
Ow!
Goddamn it! My bad foot.
Once the FBI catches wind
of your rogue research.
they will take everything.
no questions asked.
You and your dad's work are done.
- Look. I didn't kill him.
Now make this easy. Tom.
You are gonna go down one way or another.
- Okay. fine. I'll come out.
- Goddamn it.
He got away.
Does not matter as
long as you got what we wanted.
- I got it.
- Where's the headset?
Where's everything else?
Hmm?
- All right. take this idiot
and go get the rest of it.
Don't look so confused.
It applies equally to
both of you.
Oh crap. Not now.
Okay. just relax.
Bruno. let's go.
I know exactly what's
going on in your head.
Just stay there.
You hold him!
- What's goin' on with him?
- Hold him for me.
Bruno.
- What?
What happened to him?
- TICS.
- You mean like Lyme disease?
- T-I-C-S. time-induced
conflict by surrogacy.
Simply put. this is when a surrogate
wants to get its body back.
Why?
- Surrogate loading separates
the brain from the body.
disrupting the system.
The surrogate will do whatever it can
to get back to its home.
Like a homing pigeon
finding its way back. hmm?
Give me his watch.
Somebody's coming. Let's go.
- I swear. I didn't do any of it.
I swear. I didn't do
anything in that video.
I don't remember any of it. Dad.
I drank that night. I did.
but I didn't black out.
I don't know what's happening.
I don't know if I have what Mom has.
I need your help.
I need your help really bad.
Hey. Dad.
Look. I don't have the best news.
The cops. they caught wind of the research
and we had to shut down.
I don't think that I.
I don't think we can
continue the research.
I gotta stop.
I mean. I have nowhere else to turn
and I don't know what to do. and...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I let you down
when you needed me the most.
I love you. Dad.
Hey.
Monty. do you wanna go on
out to the Hook Ranch?
The old man's complainin'
about those coyotes again.
Monty?
Monty. you there?
- Yeah. I'm here.
Hey.
what's goin' on with you?
- Two guys flagged me
down and next thing I know
you're askin' me what happened.
I need to get checked.
Well. you ain't
a spring chicken anymore. Monty.
Swing by the ranch and then go
get checked out. you hear me?
- Yes. ma'am.
- Look. I don't have the best news.
The cops. they caught wind
of the research and...
Damn it.
We had to shut down.
Hand it to 'em.
I don't think that I...
It's okay. son. it's okay.
Hand it to 'em. okay.
- Well. well. look what
the Chupacabra dragged in.
- Hey. hon.
I just haven't seen you in a while
and I thought I'd stop by and say hi.
- Oh. easy there. cowboy.
I saw you this morning.
- That's right. we did. 'cause I'm Tom.
I don't know what I'm sayin' anymore.
- That research gettin' to your brain?
That was supposed to be funny.
Whatever. What do you want?
- The usual will be fine.
Thirsty goat.
- Just like your daddy.
- Ya know. actually. lemme go
ahead and get three of those
and three of those famous
Chloe blue whale shots.
- Okay. hope you got company coming.
- Just for me.
- Hello?
Hurry up.
What's goin' on?
- Is he back? Where is he?
Kirk!
- Oh my God.
- Kirk!
You need to explain to me
what the hell is going on.
- You're so stupid.
Why am I stupid?
- You have a hangover.
You had eight beers and
four shots in 20 minutes.
You were commode-hugging.
knee-walking drunk.
What did you expect?
- I haven't even been to your bar.
- What?
You're telling me that you
don't remember coming to my bar
and ordering the same exact
drink that your dad orders.
That's what you're telling me.
- I didn't go to your bar.
And even if I did. okay.
and I ordered the same beer.
just calm down. okay?
It's just a coincidence.
- Stop talking.
You're digging yourself a
Texas-size hole. you know that?
Ya know you used his
credit card to pay. right?
Oh.
Can't forget about this.
Hmm?
He's been gone for several
days and you tell me
that all of a sudden. he goes outta town.
which he hasn't done in
the past 10 years ever.
And then you show up to my bar.
calling me hon and dragging
up my ex-boyfriend.
ordering the same beer
that your dad orders.
and then this?
Something's off and you need
to tell me what it is now.
Where is he?
- He's dead.
- What?
- I think I killed him.
You think what?
- I killed him.
I killed my dad.
This better be the beer talking.
- The other night I went to the lab.
He was on the ground.
He was...
- He was what?
Wake up!
Why are you saying that
you killed your dad?
Why are you saying that?
You have two minutes to explain yourself
or I'm calling the cops.
Go.
- I walked into the lab. okay.
and he was on the ground.
- All right. that's it. I'm done.
- No!
- Then tell me!
- Just show it to you. okay?
Show it to you. come on.
- Touch me.
You did this?
How could you say you
don't remember doing this?
- They showed me a video.
I saw myself. okay. but
I don't remember. Chloe.
I swear to God. I don't remember it.
- How can someone forget something
as important as killing someone?
- I don't know.
I might. I might have...
- What your mom had?
Oh God.
This is too much.
Your dad spent his entire life
trying to cure Alzheimer's
and now you have the
same disease.
- I don't know whether to go
to the authorities or the hospital.
Like. I don't know if I'm a
criminal or a patient. Chloe.
What if I'm both?
- Stop. stop.
Look. even if you have Alzheimer's
or even if you killed your dad.
what could you do if you're in jail?
The Tom I know is a good guy.
and he has a job to finish.
And I'm here to help you.
- I just don't know how. Chloe.
I mean. our cover's blown.
the lab's inaccessible.
the cops are on our tail right now.
I just. I don't know how.
- I may have a place.
I mean. it's a dump. but it's secluded.
- I think I should just turn
myself into the authorities.
- No. don't. come on.
Come with me.
You can turn yourself in after you finish
your dad's research. but until
then strap on your boots.
We have strays to round up. Now.
Like I said. I mean. it's
not much of a place. but.
- What's the story?
- It's my Uncle Mario's.
Isn't he in jail? Oh.
- Yeah. this is what I meant
by round up the strays.
- Chloe. this is awesome. but
I gotta get my own equipment.
- Wait. Wait!
You can't go back to your
house or the lab. okay?
It's a hot scene.
You'll easily get arrested.
- Look. I have to get the files.
I have to get my dad's laptop. okay.
I have to rerecord the logs for him.
Every time I upload 'em it's like starting
at day one over and over again.
- All right. you stay. I'll go.
- You don't have access to the lab.
- Well. you still need
a lookout. I'm coming.
Can you be quick?
- Yeah.
- Wait.
Go. go.
Hey.
- Look at me.
I don't know what's goin' on anymore.
I saw a video of me strangling
you. but I don't know.
I don't know when it happened.
I don't know how it happened.
I can't remember a thing.
but I think I killed you and
I think I might have what Mom had.
I just. I don't trust myself anymore.
Okay. you might.
Come on.
Hey. Dad.
Look. last time you talked about amygdala.
I don't know. I think you're right.
There's a lotta potential.
Just. what are CRUMS?
How do I test for 'em?
I mean. just let me know what to do.
I'll see ya on the flip side.
This is Tom Davis surrogate
loading Kirk Davis.
- Tom. are you okay?
Oh. Mr. Kirk?
- Now you're catchin' on fast.
Oh. that's nasty.
Look. I just wanna thank
you for takin' care of Tom.
Been a big help.
- Yeah.
Hey. you wanna see somethin' funny?
He shouldn't be dippin'.
Look. before we start studying
for that test of yours.
I gotta ask you somethin'.
You seen any changes
in Tom's mood recently?
- Like?
- Could be rage. anxiety. restlessness.
Chloe?
- No. no. none of that.
- Okay. good.
All right. well you know
how all this works. right?
The Scammer. the Mint.
how Tom loads my memory
onto himself and I wake up?
- Kind of. yeah.
- All right. well. it takes some time
before my memory transfers to him.
We'll call these load times.
Now. I've been monitoring
the past few days
and they've shortened significantly.
- But faster is better. right?
- Well. not in this case.
It's inversely proportional
to the delta neural mapping of the brain.
Now. the smaller
difference between the host
and the loaded memory. quicker the upload.
- Okay. you know that I have trouble
with simple algebra. right?
Can you just tell me
whether that's good or bad?
- I don't think it's good.
- And you said that rage was
a side effect of all this?
- Yeah. it could be.
Why. is Tom showing rage?
- I told you no.
- Okay.
Well look. why don't you
look over the polynomials.
We'll study in a little
bit together. okay?
- Okay.
.
- Tom!
What are you doing?
- I thought you were.
I thought you were...
- Ya know what. forget it. Come with me.
So your dad said that you need
to rerecord your brain on the scanner?
- No. it's a Scammer.
- Okay. whatever.
I can't keep track of all these acronyms.
a Scammer. Mint. CRUMS.
I mean. how many acronyms
can one person come up with?
Amen.
- Glad you agree.
- Hey. acronyms make
everything nifty.
Why am I stupid?
I hope Chloe told you what's goin' on.
I need you to make a backup
copy of your memory tonight.
okay. and leave me the old noggin
and the new noggin to compare tomorrow.
It's important. Tom.
I saw today's updates. I mean.
your bug fix on the self-referencing loop.
I mean. you got the whole
time up to 12 hours now.
You're findin' things that
never even occurred to me.
I'm proud of you. son.
I'm so proud of you.
About your question on CRUMs.
it stands for causal residual
from unloaded memory.
Okay. now that's memory retained
after the Mint turns off.
It's like muscle memory.
Now. the more you upload
the more permanent
that memory becomes.
Are you okay. Mr. Kirk?
- Everything's fine. hon.
Why don't you pack your stuff up?
I'm about to finish up.
Son. I feel like you're
hidin' somethin' from me.
If you start experiencing
anything. you let me know.
You let her know.
Thanks for the tin of tobacco. Funny.
I got you a beer. okay? Cheers.
Ya know. it's been bothering me.
I never asked you how you met Mom.
where you guys went on
your first date and...
This can't be happening.
Oh. no. no. no. no.
Tom. I compared both your noggins.
It varies by 30%.
That's because it-
Listen. before you say
that's because the brain's
always changing. yes. it is. okay.
but not by that much in just a week. Tom.
I mean 10. 15 years maybe. but.
I mean. just look at this. okay.
Now. this is your brain compared to mine.
I ain't gotta tell you what's goin' on.
My mind is eatin' away at your brain
and your memories are
gettin' corrupted.
You ain't never seen this bridge before.
I took your mom here on
our first date. okay.
This is the Trinity River Bridge.
And this. This?
I etched this on my
best friend's pencil box
before he passed away
back in the fourth grade.
I don't know what this is.
Tom. these ain't your nightmares. okay?
These are my memories. and my brain is.
my brain's corrupting your cerebrum.
Tom. you gotta stop loadin' me.
Okay. the 30% variation. that can cause
serious risk to your life.
I can't lose you for my quest.
Stop loading me.
I have to go.
I love you. son.
- So. what are Waylon
and Shooter up to today?
Waylon and Shooter? Jennings?
- No.
- Forget it.
What'd your dad say?
- Uh. nothing.
Look at this.
You ain't never seen this bridge before.
I took your mom here on
our first date. okay.
This is the Trinity River Bridge.
And this. This?
I etched this on my
best friend's pencil box
before he passed away
back in the fourth grade.
I don't know what this is.
- Wait a second.
Where are these drawings?
- I threw 'em away.
I don't know what he did with them.
- How did you know about them?
- They keep showin' up in my nightmares.
I don't think I've seen 'em anywhere.
What are you doing?
How is it that you
drew the same thing I drew?
- I don't know.
Well. that's your math test.
My dad probably saw it.
- No. no. look.
I scored a 40 on this.
I didn't show it to him
'cause I knew he'd be pissed.
Wait. so he ain't ever seen this?
- You could bet the ranch on it.
- Okay. that doesn't make any sense.
If he ain't never seen
it. I've never seen it.
then why does it keep
showin' up in my nightmares?
Did someone at the bar see it?
- I mean. I've had it at the bar.
I'm sure it's possible.
- Let's go.
- Where are we going?
- Okay. driving like a madman
isn't gonna solve anything.
- Do you have access to
the cameras at your bar?
- Yes. Why?
- Because I wanna see who
else was there that night.
I mean. someone had to see your drawing.
- Okay. even if someone
did see my drawings.
how did it end up in your dreams?
- I don't know!
Okay. right now I have way more questions
than I have answers. just like you.
- Okay. well slow down.
It's not turning on.
Damn it.
You got any receipts?
Yeah.
- Are these by date?
- Yeah.
- Gimme that test out
of your bag right there.
I wanna see what day you drew that.
- There. it was June 4th.
- That was the day before my dad died.
Where do you keep his receipts?
- In here.
- Find me a stack from June 4th.
- Got it. June 4th.
What?
Reinhard Kindler.
Who's that?
- He worked for my dad.
- Okay. so he met your dad here.
- No. no. my dad kicked
him out of his lab.
He woulda never met him here.
- Yeah. well. it looked he had company.
Look.
- Bruno.
- Okay. well. let's say
Bruno did see my sketch.
I mean still. how did you...
What are you looking for?
- They think I'm so stupid.
- Son of a bitch.
- So. this is the video
that the cop showed you?
- Yeah. Just hold on.
- I've never seen you
bite your nails before.
- That's because I don't. Bruno does.
- Wait. so Bruno killed your dad?
Don't you know what this means?
This means that you didn't kill your dad.
This means you're not guilty.
They can't arrest you.
- The video clearly shows me killing him.
I mean. my fingerprints are everywhere.
I mean. how am I supposed to
prove that I didn't do it?
- Can't you just show the
court how the Mint works?
- No. the FDA. the CDC.
this is all illegal to them.
They won't let me use illegal
research in a court of law.
It's inadmissible.
Square one. Great.
- Look. there should be
something that we could do.
The truth is on our side.
- Yeah. well. sometimes
that's not enough. hon.
There's nothin' more we can do. nothin'
I gotta tell my dad what happened.
He deserves to know the truth at least.
You didn't die of a heart attack.
You were murdered. strangled by me.
- Tom. stop.
Okay. you know what your dad said.
You might've already damaged
yourself beyond repair.
- Bruno and Rocky had
somethin' to do with it.
I just don't know how to prove it.
I'm sorry for hating you.
I'm sorry for letting you down
and I'm sorry for everything.
I love you so much.
You get to be with Mom now.
I'll see ya soon.
I love you so much.
And you get to be with Mom now.
I'll see ya soon.
- Hey.
- Hey. hon.
- Look. I'm sorry for
everything. Mr. Kirk.
- You didn't do a thing wrong.
Now. gimme a second in here.
I need to record somethin' for Tom.
- Okay.
- Hey.
Thank you for everything.
You take care of my boy.
Don't forget to study.
- I will.
- Okay.
- I'll see ya in a minute.
- I know.
I know Rocky had somethin' to do with it.
No doubt in my mind.
Greed's always motivated that man.
Morals never got in his way.
I'm so proud of you.
I'm so proud of you. Tom.
And I'm thankful that I got to spend
the last few days with you.
I spent 20 years
tryin' to save everyone's
precious memories.
I done went and forgot to create my own.
The videos of your mother.
those are the first real little noggins.
And you save those and
you use 'em as motivation.
I wish I had more time with you.
I would have taught you the Kirk slider.
This the end of the road. Tom.
It was just a unrealized dream.
An unfinished quest.
Just a path to nowhere.
I'm proud of you. proud of you.
You're gonna do somethin' in life.
I love you. son.
- Hey. is everything okay?
Are you okay?
- I don't know what happened.
You know that
Bruno's not gonna talk to you.
and he's sure as hell not gonna
own up to killing your dad.
- Well. he might not talk to
me. but he will talk to Rocky.
You really think
he's gonna fall for that?
- As long as there's money involved. yeah.
- Okay. So now what?
- I'm gonna lure Rocky here.
we'll bring him inside.
and we'll take him down
and load my backup to him.
- How are we gonna take him down?
- You're gonna have to seduce him.
Not even seduce. actually.
just flirt with him.
I mean. you know how to flirt. right?
- I wasn't born yesterday.
- We're gonna upload my backup.
I'm gonna go as Rocky. talk to Bruno.
pull the confession out of him.
Before we do that though.
I need to make a backup.
Hand me those pills.
- Do you really think this is legit?
I mean. there's no way that Tom
finished the research on his own.
Hey. no wasting. right?
- Look at the code
samples on the algorithm.
This is definitely new
work. No doubt about it.
- Okay. but we took all the
important research materials
from the lab.
- That may be true. but the
goose that laid the golden egg
just landed in our lap for a second time.
- I'm not sure that I follow.
- Okay. listen. Darjeeling
Limited. emphasis on the limited.
we will test the Mint.
- If it works. like he says it should.
we will take it from him.
- He's not just gonna hand
it over to you. is he?
No Bruno. he's not.
- No. No. no. no. no. no.
Okay. you're not expecting me
to surrogate load Tom again. are you?
- Exactly.
- I'm sorry. but that's
not gonna happen. okay?
Ever since you loaded
that dog brain onto me.
I've been dreaming in muted colors. okay?
So. I'm sorry. but no.
- What if I doubled what
I gave you last time?
- No.
- Okay.
How about if I tripled it?
A hundred and fifty grand
buys a few nice rice rockets.
It's a no brainer. Speed Racer.
- Okay. sure.
- Oh. mornin'. hon.
- Morning.
How'd you sleep. Mr. Kirk?
- Tossed and turned all night.
What about you?
- Yeah. me too.
Feelin' a little jittery.
We'll be all right.
- Tom?
- Yep.
You okay?
Thank you for everything
you've done for me and my dad.
I mean. if everything goes. well. if.
maybe we can do that second date.
Ya know?
Hey. Bruno. what's up?
Hey. Tom. how are you?
- I'm good.
You talk to Rocky yet?
Listen. could
you meet me at the bar
in about 10 minutes?
Got something important to discuss.
- Right now? No. man. I can't.
It's about Rocky.
I'll see ya there in 10.
- What was that about?
- That was Bruno. He wants
me to meet him at the bar.
- I'm coming.
- Hey. Tom. How's it goin'?
- Good.
- So. I heard you made some
progress on the research.
- I did.
- Well. first off. I
really wanna thank you.
- Yo. what are you?
- I'm really sorry about this.
- Bruno. stop!
- I tried showing you
the good side of life.
Then you went all Dalai Lama on me.
- Come on!
I mean. really. man. how do
you say no to a '66 Vette. huh?
- You just think you're so...
Think you're so...
- Tom!
Hey. are you okay?
Tom!
- That's you.
Tell her you're almost done!
- I'm almost done.
- Okay. okay.
So. I go back to the farm. I get the Mint.
and I bring it back to you.
- That's right.
And to me and to no one else. okay?
- Okay. I got it.
- Okay. now get out of
here before TICS sets it.
- How?
- Just check your pockets.
- Nice.
- Hey! Tom. hey!
Where are you going?
Pick up. pick up. pick up.
Rocky. this is Bruno.
I asked Tom to meet me
at the Rusty Tavern.
I'm waiting outside. Meet me here.
- Did you call Tom?
- Yeah.
When is he coming?
- He already did. I surrogate loaded him.
- Really? Nicely done Potter boy.
- 150Ks isn't gonna cut it.
I want at least 2 million.
- Excuse me?
- You and I both know that a hold time
that's over 18 hours is worth millions.
- I see.
And if I don't pay?
I'll call the sheik.
- You think you're smart. huh?
A real brainiac?
- I'd like to think so. yeah.
- Do you know the inferior brain paradox?
The less it knows. the
more it thinks it knows.
- My surrogate's never
gonna give you that device.
- That may be.
So put your hands there.
Now. this is what we will use.
- You selfish pig.
- Maybe. but you know what
happens with selfless pigs?
- Howdy.
Can I get ya anything? A beer maybe?
What kinda beer is that?
- It's not a beer. my
.
it's you.
You're beautiful.
Thank you.
You know. we're inside. right?
- Thank you.
- Wow. you have beautiful eyes.
- I've been told.
- You have?
Why am I not surprised.
Wow. I could just stare into them all day.
Oh. I'm up here.
You feelin' okay?
- You.
- And you thought you could
get away with killing my Kirk.
- You.
- Adios.
- Okay. where'd you say he is?
- Outside in his car.
- Quick. gimme your phone.
Come on. gimme your phone.
- Okay.
- What? We're out of options.
This is all we've got.
- I don't know.
It's risky.
Look. you don't have to do this.
Oh. I do. for my dad.
- I wanna ask you somethin'.
- What happened to Kirk that night?
- What's going on?
Is this TICS setting in?
- Just tell me.
- Get back inside.
- I need answers.
- I'll go get the Mint.
- Bruno.
- Just stay put.
I'm not Bruno.
- Bruno. wait. Bruno. wait!
- Hey! Hey. what happened?
- We gotta get to the farm now.
- How?
- Get in.
- Okay.
911. state your emergency.
- Hi. I'd like to report
a possible shooting
at Blue Mountain Farms in Elgin.
Sir. are you safe?
- Yes.
Do you need medical-
- What are you doing here?
Why aren't you at the bar?
- I need to ask you something.
- I don't have time
for this. Just go back.
- Tell me this one thing and
I'll do whatever you want.
You've got to be kidding me.
- What did you to Kirk?
- This is what you want to know right now?
- What happened to Kirk that night?
- Okay. okay.
I asked Bruno to surrogate load
onto Tom to steal the Mint.
He ran into Dr. Kirk.
panicked. and killed him.
- You killed Dr. Kirk Davis?
- No. no. not me.
Bruno did.
- What are you doing here? We had a deal.
- Gimme the laptop and files.
- No. no. no. give them to me.
- Wait. who are you?
- I don't have time to play who's who?
Give me the laptop.
Goddamn it. we had a plan!
- Okay. if I can't reason with you.
then maybe you'll reason with this.
Give me the laptop or
I'll blow your brains out.
- Get back. step back. Step back!
- Look. look. look. Rocky. I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have asked for more money.
We can just keep the original
deal and I'll walk away.
- No. no more deals. Give me
the laptop and my body back.
- Tom?
I had nothing to do with this. okay.
He killed your father.
I promise if you let me go
you'll never see me again.
I'll disappear.
- You sleazy worm. Come here.
- Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
We can still get outta this.
- How?
- The phone. It's in my pocket.
And the cops are on
their way. Do the math!
We have him dead to rights.
Know this. my boy.
As you go. so goes your father's work.
Mad lab assistant kills scientist father.
Sentenced to life.
Every second. of every
minute of every hour
of every day your father devoted his life
to memory transfer technology.
It goes away with you.
- Drop your weapon.
Drop it now!
Drop your weapon.
That'll be your legacy.
- Hey. I said I'll shoot.
- Oh. you're smarter than that. Tom.
You won't shoot yourself.
- You're only as good as
the promises you make.
And I promised my father
I'd continue his research.
- Drop your weapon!
- Shoot me.
Kill yourself.
Face it. you can't kill yourself. Tom.
I can't shoot you. but...
- Step away from the weapon.
Drop it. step away. step away.
Get down. Get down. get down. get down.
- No. no. no. no. no. No.
- Get down!
- No. no. no. no. no.
No! No!
I got him. son. I got him.
- No!
An eye for an eye.
Birthday. bud.
- Bruno!
- Sorry for everything.
This is your
brain in digital form.
Tom. are you okay?
Dr. Davis.
Tom.
between father and son
and the kingdom come
till it makes me numb
sure will be his last
has now grown numb
my fists clenched tight
close to the borderline
born and a time to die
war and a time for peace
and a time to speak
gain and a time to lose
and it's time to choose
and a time to mourn
and a time to build
when he's been outgunned